# Dou Peihao - Project Portfolio Page
## Overview
DinerDirector is a desktop productivity application used by restaurant managers
to manage the day-to-day operations of a restaurant. The user interacts it with 
a CLI (command line interface) to manage their deadlines, meetings, dishes, and 
staffs in the restaurant. The program is written in Java, and has over 3 kLoC.

### Summary of Contributions

#### Code contributed: [Reposense](https://nus-cs2113-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=douph810975&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2023-02-17&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=douph810975&tabRepo=AY2223S2-CS2113-W15-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)  

#### Enhancements implemented:

* Implement meeting features, including creating Meeting in the entity folder,
MeetingManager in the manager folder to implement on the meeting list, four commands
(Add, View, Find, Delete) in the command list to call its own functions in the MeetingManager
and the parser to return the corresponding meeting command.
* Add test cases for the meeting feature.

#### Documentation:
* Contributions to UG: Update the UG for the meeting part. Write the input format and examples.

* Contributions to DG: 
  * Add meeting feature and the corresponding uml diagram.
  * Add manager component.

#### Project management and Contributions to team-based tasks:
* Help Kristianachwan to finish the find staff feature when he was busy.[#68]
* Commented and approved some PR.

#### Beyond Project Team Tasks:
* Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in PE-D: [PE-D Issues](https://github.com/douph810975/ped/issues)
* Reviewed other team's User Guide and Developer Guide.