docs/team/PoobalanAatmikaLakshmi.md, before:

# PoobalanAatmikaLakshmi - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview


### Summary of Contributions
- ### Summary of Contributions
-[My code contributions](https://nus-cs2113-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2023-02-17&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=PoobalanAatmikaLakshmi&tabRepo=AY2223S2-CS2113-T13-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

#### Enhancements Implemented
- Created classes for specific help for each of the commands in the task commands section of user guide 
- Modified parser to add specific help commands 
- Set up logger for help command class 
- Updated error message for AddCommand class particularly for the event-lesson clash
- Added functionality to handle duplicates in storage class
- Implemented code to detect events clashing with other events 
- Added code to detect duplicate modules in moduleList and its exception 
- Added some tests for Parser class 
- Patches 

- 
#### Contributions to the UG
- Updated user guide with information about clashes between event/deadline/modules 
#### Contributions to the DG
- Delete Module 
- UML diagrams for DateCommand, FindCommand
#### Contributions to team-based tasks
- [PRs Reviewed](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2113-T13-4/tp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+reviewed-by%3A%40me)

Commit message:

Add Junit tests for specified help command classes

docs/team/PoobalanAatmikaLakshmi.md, after:

# PoobalanAatmikaLakshmi - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview


### Summary of Contributions
- ### Summary of Contributions
-[My code contributions](https://nus-cs2113-ay2223s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2023-02-17&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=PoobalanAatmikaLakshmi&tabRepo=AY2223S2-CS2113-T13-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

#### Enhancements Implemented
- Created classes for specific help for each of the commands in the task commands section of user guide 
- Modified parser to add specific help commands 
- Set up logger for help command class 
- Updated error message for AddCommand class particularly for the event-lesson clash
- Added functionality to handle duplicates in storage class
- Implemented code to detect events clashing with other events 
- Added code to detect duplicate modules in moduleList and its exception 
- Added some JUnit tests for Parser class 
- Added Junit tests for task command portion of help command class 
- Patches 

- 
#### Contributions to the UG
- Updated user guide with information about clashes between event/deadline/modules 
#### Contributions to the DG
- Delete Module 
- UML diagrams for DateCommand, FindCommand
#### Contributions to team-based tasks
- [PRs Reviewed](https://github.com/AY2223S2-CS2113-T13-4/tp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed+reviewed-by%3A%40me)
