docs/DeveloperGuide.md, before:

# Developer Guide

- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Setting up, getting started](#setting-up-getting-started)
- [Design](#design)
    - [Architecture](#architecture)
    - [UI Component](#ui-component)
    - [Parser Component](#parser-component)
    - [Storage Component](#storage-component)
    - [CardList Component](#cardlist-component)
    - [TagList Component](#taglist-component)
- [Implementation](#implementation)

    - [card feature](#card-feature)
    - [tag feature](#tag-feature)
    - [[Proposed] deck feature](#deck-feature)

- [Appendix: Requirements](#appendix-requirements)
    - [Product scope](#product-scope)
    - [Target user profile](#target-user-profile)
    - [Value proposition](#value-proposition)
    - [User Stories](#user-stories)
    - [Non-Functional Requirements](#non-functional-requirements)
    - [Glossary](#glossary)

---

## Acknowledgements

Third-party libraries:

- [Apache Commons CLI](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-cli/)
- [gson](https://github.com/google/gson)

{list here sources of all reused/adapted ideas, code, documentation, and third-party libraries --
include links to the original source as well}

---

## Setting up, getting started

---

## Design

- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [UI Component](#ui-component)
- [Parser Component](#parser-component)
- [Storage Component](#storage-component)
- [CardList Component](#cardlist-component)
- [TagList Component](#taglist-component)

### Architecture

The following diagram describes the architecture of Inka:
![Architecture Diagram](img/Architecture.svg)

- Red arrows show the path taken to parse user input
- Blue arrows show possible side-effects of executing the command

### UI Component

API: Ui.java

### Parser Component

API: `Parser.java`

Inka's parser has a hierarchical design built on top of Apache Commons CLI which allows for parsing of flags in any
order. Modularity also allows for new commands to be easily added.

![Parser Class](img/ParserClass.svg)

The user's command is interpreted with the following structure:

```
<keyword> <action> [flag(s)]
```

For example, a command such as `card add -q QN -a ANS` would be broken down as:

- Keyword: `card`
- Action: `add`
- Flags
    - `-q`: Question text
    - `-a`: Answer text

When the user's input is passed to `Parser`:

1. User input is split into a series of _tokens_
2. `Parser` looks at the keyword token and dispatches the appropriate `KeywordParser`
3. `KeywordParser` looks at the action token and calls `OptionBuilder` to create an `Options` object for the flags it
   expects
4. Apache Commons CLI Parser is called with `Options`
5. The Apache Parser returns the arguments of the flags
6. The respective `Command` is constructed and returned through the parser chain
7. The `Command` is executed to modify state (`CardList`, `TagList` and `DeckList`), and may interact with
   the `UserInterface` and `Storage` objects to print output or save the program state respectively.

The following is the sequence diagram for parsing `card add -q QN -a ANS`:
![Parser Sequence Diagram](img/ParserSequence.svg)

### Storage Component

API: Storage.java

### CardList Component

API: CardList.java

Inka's Cards are stored inside `CardList` Component. Each Card has a reference to its own randomly generated `uuid` as
well as a reference to `tags` and `decks`, which are essentially the UUIDs of the tags and decks that each card is
associated with.
`uuid` and `tags` and `decks` are stored in the form of `CardUUID`, `TagUUID` and `DeckUUID` class and all of them
inherit from the `InkaUUID` class.

The following describes the class diagram for CardList Component :
![CardList Class Diagram](img/CardListClass.svg)

### TagList Component

API: `TagList.java`

Inka's TagList Component stores a list of `Tag` as tags. Each `Tag` contains its own uuid, which is auto generated in
the constructor of `Tag`, as well as the cards and decks that it
is associated with in the form of `CardUUID` and `DeckUUID`. All `CardUUID`, `TagUUID`, and `DeckUUID` inherit
from `InkaUUID` as they all
share the same methods and implementations.

The following describes the class diagram for TagList Component :
![TagList Class Diagram](img/TagListClass.svg)

## Implementation

- [card feature](#card-feature)
- [tag feature](#tag-feature)
- [export feature](#export-feature)
- [[Proposed] deck feature](#deck-feature)

### Card Feature

The current functionalities:

- add a new Card (questions and answers) to the cardlist
- delete card from the cardlist
- show all cards the cardlist contains
- view the card by its uuid
- add tag to a card

#### Card View

The implementation of `card view {-c {cardUUID} | -i {cardIndex}}` will be shown below :

- When the user enters `card view {-c {cardUUID} | -i {cardIndex}}`, the input is passed to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword "card", then calls the `Parser#CardKeywordParser()` on
  the user inputs excluding the "
  card" keyword. The `Parser#CardKeywordParser()` uses the Apache Commons CLI library to parse the remaining user input
  and call `CardKeywordParser#handleView()` method which in turn returns
  a `ViewCardCommand`. The sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).


- This `ViewCardCommand` will first find the card that is to be viewed by calling
  the `CardList#findCard()` which will in turn call the `CardSelector#getIndex()`
  and `CardSelector#getUUID()` depending on the flags and parameter specified by the user. `CardSelector` will then
  return the `cardToView` to `CardList` and then
  to `ViewCardCommand`.


- If the `cardToView` is not null, it will be passed to `UserInterface#printCard()` to be printed. `ViewCardCommand`
  will proceed to call `Card#getTagsUUID()` which will
  return `tagsUUID` and `Card#getDecksUUID()` which will return `decksUUID`.


- Once the `tagsUUID`  is ready, `ViewCardCommand` will then call  `ViewCardCommand#findTagFromTagUUID` which will loop
  through each element `Tag` of `TagList`, call `Tag#getUUID()` and match it with every element of the `tagsUUID`
  previously.
  If the `Tag` element's uuid matches the uuid in `tagsUUID`, then the `Tag` will be added to a `tagsFound` and returned
  to `ViewCardCommand`.


- Similarly, once the `decksUUID` is ready, `ViewCardCommand` will then call  `ViewCardCommand#findDeckFromDeckUUID`
  which will loop through each element `Deck` of `DeckList`, call `Deck#getUUID()` and match it with every element of
  the `decksUUID` previously.
  If the `Deck` element's uuid matches the uuid in `decksUUID`, then the `Deck` will be added to a `decksFound` and
  returned to `ViewCardCommand`.

The sequence diagram below shows how this feature works:
![Card View feature](img/CardViewSequence.png)

### Tag Feature

Tag Feature currently supports the following functionalities :

- add a tag to a card
- delete a tag from the tagList and all the associated cards
- list all the existing tags in the tagList
- list all the cards under a tag
- edit the tag name

#### Tag a Card

The implementation of the `card tag` feature is as follows :

- When the user enters `card tag -c {cardUUID} -t {tagName}`, the input is passed to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword `card` and process the remaining input and pass them
  to  `Parser#CardKeywordParser` class which calls `HandleTag()` method and returns a `AddCardToTagCommand`. The
  sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).

- This `AddCardToTagCommand` will first find the card to which the tag should be added to by calling
  the `CardList#findCard()` which will in turn call the `CardSelector#getIndex()`
  and `CardSelector#getUUID()`. `CardSelector` will then return the `cardToAdd` to `CardList` and
  to `AddCardToTagCommand`.

- After finding the card on which to add the tag, `AddCardToTagCommand` will check if the tag has already existed by
  calling `TagList#findTagFromName` which will return a `tagToAdd`. If the `tagToAdd` currently does not
  exist, `AddCardToTagCommand` will then create a new `Tag` and add it to `TagList` by
  calling `TagList#addCard(tagToAdd)`. If it already exists, it will just use the
  existing `tagToAdd`.

- Once the `tagToAdd` and `cardToAdd` are ready, `AddCardToTagCommand` will then call `Card#getUUID()` and add the
  returned `cardUUID` into `tagToAdd` by calling `Tag#addCard(cardUUID)`.

- Similarly, `AddCardToTagCommand` will also call `Tag#getUUID()` and add the returned `tagUUID` into `cardToAdd` by
  calling `Card#addTag(tagUUID)`.

The sequence diagram below shows how this feature works:
![Tag feature](img/TagListSequence.png)

#### Untag a Card

The implementation of the `card untag` feature is as follows :

- When the user enters `card untag {-c {cardUUID} | -i {cardIndex}} {-t {tagName} | -i {tagIndex}}`, the input is passed
  to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword `card` and process the remaining input and pass them
  to  `Parser#CardKeywordParser` class which calls `HandleUntag()` method and returns a `RemoveTagFromCardCommand`. The
  sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).


- This `RemoveTagFromCardCommand` will first find the card to remove the tag from by calling
  the `CardList#findCard()` which will in turn call the `CardSelector#getIndex()`
  and `CardSelector#getUUID()` depending on the flags and parameter specified by the user. `CardSelector` will then
  return the `cardAffected` to `CardList` and then back
  to `RemoveTagFromCardCommand`.


- `RemoveTagFromCardCommand` will then find the tag to delete from the card by calling `TagList#findCard()` which will
  in turn call the
  `TagSelector#getIndex()` and `TagSelector#getTagName()`  depending on the flags and parameter specified by the
  user. `TagSelector` will return the `tagToRemove` to `TagList` and then back to `RemoveTagFromCardCommand`.


- After `cardAffected` and `tagToRemove` is ready, `RemoveCardFromTagCommand` will
  call `RemoveTagFromCardCommand#removeTagFromCard(cardAffected, tagToRemove)` which will in turn remove the reference
  to the tag from the card and remove the reference to the card from the tag
  by calling `Card#getUUID()`, `Tag#removeCard()`, `Tag#getUUID()`,`Card#RemoveTag()`.


- Finally, `RemoveTagFromCardCommand` will then call `UserInterface#printRemoveTagFromCard()` to print successful
  removal of `tagToRemove` from `cardAffected`.

The sequence diagram below shows how this feature works:
![Card Untag](img/CardUntagSequence.png)

#### List Cards under Tag

The implementation of the `tag list {-t {tagName} | -i {tagIndex}}`

- When the user enters `tag list {-t {tagName} | -i {tagIndex}}`, the input is passed
  to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword `tag` and process the remaining input and pass them
  to  `Parser#TagKeywordParser` class which calls `HandleList()` method and returns a `ListCardsUnderTagCommand`. The
  sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).


- This `ListCardsUnderTagCommand` will find the tag under which to display the cards from by calling
  the `TagList#findTag()` which will in turn call the `TagSelector#getIndex()`
  and `TagSelector#getTagName()` depending on the flags and parameter specified by the user. `TagSelector` will then
  return the `foundTag` to `TagList` and then back
  to `ListCardsUnderTagCommand`.


- After `foundTag`  is ready, `ListCardsUnderTagCommand` will
  call `ListCardsUnderTagCommand#rfindCardsUnderTag(foundTag)` which will call the `Tag#getCardsUUID` and return the
  UUIDs of the cards
  under the `Tag` in the form of `cardsUUID`. `ListCardsUnderTagCommand` will then loop through the entire cardList and
  the `cardsUUID`, if their uuid matches,
  that `Card` will be added to `foundCardList` and returned to `ListCardsUnderTagCommand`.


- Once `foundCardList` is returned, `ListCardsUdnerTagCommand` will call `UserInterface#printCardList(foundCardList)` to
  print the list of cards under the specified tag.

### Deck Feature

---

## Appendix: Requirements

### Product scope

### Target user profile

- Person who wants a convenient, versatile and portable way to revise concepts while doing coding assignments
- Person who wants to effectively learn a new language while doing coding assignments
- Person who wants to be challenged to come up with answers quickly against time pressure.

### Value proposition

User will be able to revise while coding or using the terminal so they don&#39;t have to switch between apps. This will
maximize their productivity and refresh their memory instantly whenever they want to recall some topics suddenly appear
on their mind.

### User Stories

| Version | As a ... | I want to ...                                   | So that I could ...                                              |
|---------|----------|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| v1.0    | new user | add a card containing the questions and answers | store the question in the system for later revision              |
| v1.0    | new user | see a list of all cards                         | I can see what are all the cards I have regardless of their tags |
| v1.0    | new user | delete some cards                               | I can remove unwanted cards                                      |
| v1.0    | new user | save cards to a local file                      | I can reuse the cards the next time I use the software           |
| v1.0    | new user | load questions and answers from a file          | I can use the database of flashcards                             |
| v1.0    | new user | save cards to a local file                      | I can reuse the cards the next time I use the software           |
| v1.0    | new user | load questions and answers from a file          | I can use the database of flashcards                             |
| v2.0    | new user | update the content of the card                  | I can ensure that the content of the card is up-to-date          |
| v2.0    | new user | group my cards according to my will into "Deck" | I can easily access all of my cards in a certain category        |
| v2.0    | new user | tag each card into one or more topics           | I can organize my cards according to the topics associated       |
| v2.0    | new user | remove the tag from a card                      | I can ensure that my cards have the correct tag                  |
| v2.0    | new user | see a list of existing tags                     | I can know what are the tags I have                              |
| v2.0    | new user | see the list of cards under a certain tag       | I can know what are the cards I have under a certain tag         |
| v2.0    | new user | rename an existing tag                          | I can update the tag with a more accurate naming                 |

### Non-Functional Requirements

{Give non-functional requirements}

### Glossary

- _glossary item_ - Definition

### Instructions for manual testing

{Give instructions on how to do a manual product testing e.g., how to load sample data to be used
for testing}

Commit message:

docs : add list cards under tag sequence diagram

docs/DeveloperGuide.md, after:

# Developer Guide

- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Setting up, getting started](#setting-up-getting-started)
- [Design](#design)
    - [Architecture](#architecture)
    - [UI Component](#ui-component)
    - [Parser Component](#parser-component)
    - [Storage Component](#storage-component)
    - [CardList Component](#cardlist-component)
    - [TagList Component](#taglist-component)
- [Implementation](#implementation)

    - [card feature](#card-feature)
    - [tag feature](#tag-feature)
    - [[Proposed] deck feature](#deck-feature)

- [Appendix: Requirements](#appendix-requirements)
    - [Product scope](#product-scope)
    - [Target user profile](#target-user-profile)
    - [Value proposition](#value-proposition)
    - [User Stories](#user-stories)
    - [Non-Functional Requirements](#non-functional-requirements)
    - [Glossary](#glossary)

---

## Acknowledgements

Third-party libraries:

- [Apache Commons CLI](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-cli/)
- [gson](https://github.com/google/gson)

{list here sources of all reused/adapted ideas, code, documentation, and third-party libraries --
include links to the original source as well}

---

## Setting up, getting started

---

## Design

- [Architecture](#architecture)
- [UI Component](#ui-component)
- [Parser Component](#parser-component)
- [Storage Component](#storage-component)
- [CardList Component](#cardlist-component)
- [TagList Component](#taglist-component)

### Architecture

The following diagram describes the architecture of Inka:
![Architecture Diagram](img/Architecture.svg)

- Red arrows show the path taken to parse user input
- Blue arrows show possible side-effects of executing the command

### UI Component

API: Ui.java

### Parser Component

API: `Parser.java`

Inka's parser has a hierarchical design built on top of Apache Commons CLI which allows for parsing of flags in any
order. Modularity also allows for new commands to be easily added.

![Parser Class](img/ParserClass.svg)

The user's command is interpreted with the following structure:

```
<keyword> <action> [flag(s)]
```

For example, a command such as `card add -q QN -a ANS` would be broken down as:

- Keyword: `card`
- Action: `add`
- Flags
    - `-q`: Question text
    - `-a`: Answer text

When the user's input is passed to `Parser`:

1. User input is split into a series of _tokens_
2. `Parser` looks at the keyword token and dispatches the appropriate `KeywordParser`
3. `KeywordParser` looks at the action token and calls `OptionBuilder` to create an `Options` object for the flags it
   expects
4. Apache Commons CLI Parser is called with `Options`
5. The Apache Parser returns the arguments of the flags
6. The respective `Command` is constructed and returned through the parser chain
7. The `Command` is executed to modify state (`CardList`, `TagList` and `DeckList`), and may interact with
   the `UserInterface` and `Storage` objects to print output or save the program state respectively.

The following is the sequence diagram for parsing `card add -q QN -a ANS`:
![Parser Sequence Diagram](img/ParserSequence.svg)

### Storage Component

API: Storage.java

### CardList Component

API: CardList.java

Inka's Cards are stored inside `CardList` Component. Each Card has a reference to its own randomly generated `uuid` as
well as a reference to `tags` and `decks`, which are essentially the UUIDs of the tags and decks that each card is
associated with.
`uuid` and `tags` and `decks` are stored in the form of `CardUUID`, `TagUUID` and `DeckUUID` class and all of them
inherit from the `InkaUUID` class.

The following describes the class diagram for CardList Component :
![CardList Class Diagram](img/CardListClass.svg)

### TagList Component

API: `TagList.java`

Inka's TagList Component stores a list of `Tag` as tags. Each `Tag` contains its own uuid, which is auto generated in
the constructor of `Tag`, as well as the cards and decks that it
is associated with in the form of `CardUUID` and `DeckUUID`. All `CardUUID`, `TagUUID`, and `DeckUUID` inherit
from `InkaUUID` as they all
share the same methods and implementations.

The following describes the class diagram for TagList Component :
![TagList Class Diagram](img/TagListClass.svg)

## Implementation

- [card feature](#card-feature)
- [tag feature](#tag-feature)
- [export feature](#export-feature)
- [[Proposed] deck feature](#deck-feature)

### Card Feature

The current functionalities:

- add a new Card (questions and answers) to the cardlist
- delete card from the cardlist
- show all cards the cardlist contains
- view the card by its uuid
- add tag to a card

#### Card View

The implementation of `card view {-c {cardUUID} | -i {cardIndex}}` will be shown below :

- When the user enters `card view {-c {cardUUID} | -i {cardIndex}}`, the input is passed to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword "card", then calls the `Parser#CardKeywordParser()` on
  the user inputs excluding the "
  card" keyword. The `Parser#CardKeywordParser()` uses the Apache Commons CLI library to parse the remaining user input
  and call `CardKeywordParser#handleView()` method which in turn returns
  a `ViewCardCommand`. The sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).


- This `ViewCardCommand` will first find the card that is to be viewed by calling
  the `CardList#findCard()` which will in turn call the `CardSelector#getIndex()`
  and `CardSelector#getUUID()` depending on the flags and parameter specified by the user. `CardSelector` will then
  return the `cardToView` to `CardList` and then
  to `ViewCardCommand`.


- If the `cardToView` is not null, it will be passed to `UserInterface#printCard()` to be printed. `ViewCardCommand`
  will proceed to call `Card#getTagsUUID()` which will
  return `tagsUUID` and `Card#getDecksUUID()` which will return `decksUUID`.


- Once the `tagsUUID`  is ready, `ViewCardCommand` will then call  `ViewCardCommand#findTagFromTagUUID` which will loop
  through each element `Tag` of `TagList`, call `Tag#getUUID()` and match it with every element of the `tagsUUID`
  previously.
  If the `Tag` element's uuid matches the uuid in `tagsUUID`, then the `Tag` will be added to a `tagsFound` and returned
  to `ViewCardCommand`.


- Similarly, once the `decksUUID` is ready, `ViewCardCommand` will then call  `ViewCardCommand#findDeckFromDeckUUID`
  which will loop through each element `Deck` of `DeckList`, call `Deck#getUUID()` and match it with every element of
  the `decksUUID` previously.
  If the `Deck` element's uuid matches the uuid in `decksUUID`, then the `Deck` will be added to a `decksFound` and
  returned to `ViewCardCommand`.

The sequence diagram below shows how this feature works:
![Card View feature](img/CardViewSequence.png)

### Tag Feature

Tag Feature currently supports the following functionalities :

- add a tag to a card
- delete a tag from the tagList and all the associated cards
- list all the existing tags in the tagList
- list all the cards under a tag
- edit the tag name

#### Tag a Card

The implementation of the `card tag` feature is as follows :

- When the user enters `card tag -c {cardUUID} -t {tagName}`, the input is passed to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword `card` and process the remaining input and pass them
  to  `Parser#CardKeywordParser` class which calls `HandleTag()` method and returns a `AddCardToTagCommand`. The
  sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).

- This `AddCardToTagCommand` will first find the card to which the tag should be added to by calling
  the `CardList#findCard()` which will in turn call the `CardSelector#getIndex()`
  and `CardSelector#getUUID()`. `CardSelector` will then return the `cardToAdd` to `CardList` and
  to `AddCardToTagCommand`.

- After finding the card on which to add the tag, `AddCardToTagCommand` will check if the tag has already existed by
  calling `TagList#findTagFromName` which will return a `tagToAdd`. If the `tagToAdd` currently does not
  exist, `AddCardToTagCommand` will then create a new `Tag` and add it to `TagList` by
  calling `TagList#addCard(tagToAdd)`. If it already exists, it will just use the
  existing `tagToAdd`.

- Once the `tagToAdd` and `cardToAdd` are ready, `AddCardToTagCommand` will then call `Card#getUUID()` and add the
  returned `cardUUID` into `tagToAdd` by calling `Tag#addCard(cardUUID)`.

- Similarly, `AddCardToTagCommand` will also call `Tag#getUUID()` and add the returned `tagUUID` into `cardToAdd` by
  calling `Card#addTag(tagUUID)`.

The sequence diagram below shows how this feature works:
![Tag feature](img/TagListSequence.png)

#### Untag a Card

The implementation of the `card untag` feature is as follows :

- When the user enters `card untag {-c {cardUUID} | -i {cardIndex}} {-t {tagName} | -i {tagIndex}}`, the input is passed
  to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword `card` and process the remaining input and pass them
  to  `Parser#CardKeywordParser` class which calls `HandleUntag()` method and returns a `RemoveTagFromCardCommand`. The
  sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).


- This `RemoveTagFromCardCommand` will first find the card to remove the tag from by calling
  the `CardList#findCard()` which will in turn call the `CardSelector#getIndex()`
  and `CardSelector#getUUID()` depending on the flags and parameter specified by the user. `CardSelector` will then
  return the `cardAffected` to `CardList` and then back
  to `RemoveTagFromCardCommand`.


- `RemoveTagFromCardCommand` will then find the tag to delete from the card by calling `TagList#findCard()` which will
  in turn call the
  `TagSelector#getIndex()` and `TagSelector#getTagName()`  depending on the flags and parameter specified by the
  user. `TagSelector` will return the `tagToRemove` to `TagList` and then back to `RemoveTagFromCardCommand`.


- After `cardAffected` and `tagToRemove` is ready, `RemoveCardFromTagCommand` will
  call `RemoveTagFromCardCommand#removeTagFromCard(cardAffected, tagToRemove)` which will in turn remove the reference
  to the tag from the card and remove the reference to the card from the tag
  by calling `Card#getUUID()`, `Tag#removeCard()`, `Tag#getUUID()`,`Card#RemoveTag()`.


- Finally, `RemoveTagFromCardCommand` will then call `UserInterface#printRemoveTagFromCard()` to print successful
  removal of `tagToRemove` from `cardAffected`.

The sequence diagram below shows how this feature works:
![Card Untag](img/CardUntagSequence.png)

#### List Cards under Tag

The implementation of the `tag list {-t {tagName} | -i {tagIndex}}`

- When the user enters `tag list {-t {tagName} | -i {tagIndex}}`, the input is passed
  to `Parser` class which
  calls `Parser#parseCommand()`. The parser detects the keyword `tag` and process the remaining input and pass them
  to  `Parser#TagKeywordParser` class which calls `HandleList()` method and returns a `ListCardsUnderTagCommand`. The
  sequence diagram for this section has been
  shown [above](#parser-component).


- This `ListCardsUnderTagCommand` will find the tag under which to display the cards from by calling
  the `TagList#findTag()` which will in turn call the `TagSelector#getIndex()`
  and `TagSelector#getTagName()` depending on the flags and parameter specified by the user. `TagSelector` will then
  return the `foundTag` to `TagList` and then back
  to `ListCardsUnderTagCommand`.


- After `foundTag`  is ready, `ListCardsUnderTagCommand` will
  call `ListCardsUnderTagCommand#findCardsUnderTag(foundTag)` which will call the `Tag#getCardsUUID` and return the
  UUIDs of the cards
  under the `Tag` in the form of `cardsUUID`. `ListCardsUnderTagCommand` will then loop through the entire cardList and
  the `cardsUUID`, if their uuid matches,
  that `Card` will be added to `foundCardList` and returned to `ListCardsUnderTagCommand`.


- Once `foundCardList` is returned, `ListCardsUdnerTagCommand` will call `UserInterface#printCardList(foundCardList)` to
  print the list of cards under the specified tag.

The sequence diagram below shows how this feature works:
![List Cards under Tag](img/ListCardsUnderTagSequence.png)

### Deck Feature

---

## Appendix: Requirements

### Product scope

### Target user profile

- Person who wants a convenient, versatile and portable way to revise concepts while doing coding assignments
- Person who wants to effectively learn a new language while doing coding assignments
- Person who wants to be challenged to come up with answers quickly against time pressure.

### Value proposition

User will be able to revise while coding or using the terminal so they don&#39;t have to switch between apps. This will
maximize their productivity and refresh their memory instantly whenever they want to recall some topics suddenly appear
on their mind.

### User Stories

| Version | As a ... | I want to ...                                   | So that I could ...                                              |
|---------|----------|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| v1.0    | new user | add a card containing the questions and answers | store the question in the system for later revision              |
| v1.0    | new user | see a list of all cards                         | I can see what are all the cards I have regardless of their tags |
| v1.0    | new user | delete some cards                               | I can remove unwanted cards                                      |
| v1.0    | new user | save cards to a local file                      | I can reuse the cards the next time I use the software           |
| v1.0    | new user | load questions and answers from a file          | I can use the database of flashcards                             |
| v1.0    | new user | save cards to a local file                      | I can reuse the cards the next time I use the software           |
| v1.0    | new user | load questions and answers from a file          | I can use the database of flashcards                             |
| v2.0    | new user | update the content of the card                  | I can ensure that the content of the card is up-to-date          |
| v2.0    | new user | group my cards according to my will into "Deck" | I can easily access all of my cards in a certain category        |
| v2.0    | new user | tag each card into one or more topics           | I can organize my cards according to the topics associated       |
| v2.0    | new user | remove the tag from a card                      | I can ensure that my cards have the correct tag                  |
| v2.0    | new user | see a list of existing tags                     | I can know what are the tags I have                              |
| v2.0    | new user | see the list of cards under a certain tag       | I can know what are the cards I have under a certain tag         |
| v2.0    | new user | rename an existing tag                          | I can update the tag with a more accurate naming                 |

### Non-Functional Requirements

{Give non-functional requirements}

### Glossary

- _glossary item_ - Definition

### Instructions for manual testing

{Give instructions on how to do a manual product testing e.g., how to load sample data to be used
for testing}
