# User Guide

## Introduction

{Give a product intro}

## Quick Start

{Give steps to get started quickly}

1. Ensure that you have Java 11 or above installed.
1. Down the latest version of `Duke` from [here](http://link.to/duke).

## Features 

{Give detailed description of each feature}

### Adding a todo: `todo`
Adds a new item to the list of todo items.

Format: `todo n/TODO_NAME d/DEADLINE`

* The `DEADLINE` can be in a natural language format.
* The `TODO_NAME` cannot contain punctuation.  

Example of usage: 

`todo n/Write the rest of the User Guide d/next week`

`todo n/Refactor the User Guide to remove passive voice d/13/04/2020`

## FAQ

**Q**: Will deleting a card from a tag delete it from multiple decks?

**A**: Deleting a card from a tag deletes the card from all decks that contain its tag.

**Q**: Can I modify savedata.json to manually add cards?

**A**: No, data as the card ID is generated by the app. Please add cards through the app instead.

**Q**: Can I add multiple cards at the same time?

**A**: No, please add them one at a time using `card add`

**Q**: Can I transfer my cards to another computer?

**A**: You do so by following these steps:

1. Export the deck as a Json file using the command "export"
2. Navigate to the directory of your Inka installation.
3. The file will be named savedata.json. Copy this file.
4. Paste this file in the Inka's directory in the new computer

Your file will be loaded the next time you run Inka!

## Command Summary

{Give a 'cheat sheet' of commands here}

* Add todo `todo n/TODO_NAME d/DEADLINE`
